hi Bucks who use my name is danica and
today I'd like to talk about lesbian
summer AIDS this is a response to
Misty's video at the book rat where she
talks about some of her favorite summer
reads and Beach reads so I thought I'd
share with you some of my favorite
lesbian Beach reads and summer reads I
have a pretty similar definition of a
summery to misty I think they should be
light and easy to read and easy to get
through it should be compelling and keep
you turning the pages some genres that I
think really work well for that are
manga and graphic novels as well as
young adult books but I also have a
couple of classics to share that I think
would work well so the two manga I
picked are a Sailor Moon and
revolutionary girl utena Sailor Moon I
know it's a little bit of a cheat
because it's not really lesbian but it
does have lesbians in it they come in
later in the series but they're a big
part of the plot and I know the Sailor
Moon has a big lesbian following so I
thought it would be a good pick very
light very fun to read my second manga
is revolutionary girl utena which it's
less likely that you've heard of it's an
anime and a movie and this standalone
manga as well as manga series it is kind
of like Sailor Moon but even more weird
lots of symbolism it's really really
queer there's a lot of strange things
going on and there's a lot of lesbian
subtext between the main two characters
and that subtext gets pretty textual in
the movie especially so I feel like it's
fair to call their entire relationship
lesbian I highly recommend to the manga
even more recommend the anime in the
movie I will link to my ridiculously
detailed review because I could talk
about you Tayna all day but I definitely
recommend picking this one up it's
really complex it's really fascinating
but very easy to read I also think it
goes on rap for a b-tree it would be
romance novels I don't read a lot of
romance but one of the lesbian romance
I really liked was long way home by
Rachel Spangler it's about a woman who
left her hometown as a teenager and as a
young adult because it was very
homophobic and then as an adult has come
back and is trying to reconcile her past
with her presence and with one of the
women who was also gay but stayed behind
and it's a cute romance so I liked that
one I also picked three young adult
books that I thought would be good reads
the Empress of the world by Sarah Ryan
which is a little bit of an older one
and kind of a classic of lesbian teen
books it's about two girls who are at a
school for gifted children and a lot of
their friends they're both bisexual I
believe and it's just sort of a
coming-out and also a little teen
romance and it's it's a good one
she's a really good writer Sarah Ryan I
also recommend silhouette of a sparrow
by Molly
Beth Griffin it's set in the 1920s it's
about a lesbian teen in the 20th who is
obsessed with birds and it also takes
place over the summer it's kind of her
coming of age story it's got a little
bit of a romance but it's more just
about her growing up realizing who she
is coming to terms with not being with
her society its vision of what the young
woman should be it's very well-written
it's really beautiful I think I mean
just the cover alone should be enough to
make you want to pick it up and I really
moves up to that beautiful cover so
that's another one that I think will be
a great summery blast teen book I picked
out is The Miseducation of Cameron post
by Emily and Danforth which is one of my
favorite books right now it's a long
book but it is totally worth it I
reached the end and just wish there was
hundreds and hundreds of pages more so
it's more becoming a page story than I'm
coming out sorry
at some points there is mod spoiler
alert she goes to one of the pray away
the gay camps which is really
fascinating so
and very skillfully done it is so well
written but I will definitely pick up
anything else she ever writes just from
the quality of the writing Emily I'm
Danforth is so good at establishing a
scene establishing the place in the
story and a lot of the time in the story
from what I remember it seems to take
place over the summer I think there's a
lot of summer in this story and it's
just a great read for any time the last
two books I picked up verbose are
lesbian classics one is Ruby fruit
jungle by Rita Mae brown which is one of
the big lesbian classics if you want to
get started and lesbian books is one of
the best ones to pick up it was written
in the 70s and it's also kind of a teen
story teen young adult
it's about Molly bolt and I heard just
going and getting into all kinds of
trouble basically lots of different
relationships it's kind of that risque
stuff even for today I would think it's
so fun it's just such a fun book and
it's really quick to read the blurb on
the back says Molly bolt
she's funny reckless gutsy and wild a
full blooded all american 100% true blue
gay and proud of it from the 70s was
just pretty good the last recommendation
they have is patience and Sarah bite is
about Miller which is also a bit of a
classic it's a historical novel so I
believe it was right now in those 70s or
80s but it takes place in the early 19th
century and the thing about reading
lesbian books is but when I first
started reading them I really thought
most of them were very depressing
there's this idea that lesbian books are
depressing we have the well of
loneliness by Radcliffe Hall which is
the first lesbian book in English and it
is just as depressing that's the title
sounds so there's this idea that in
lesbian books the lesbian always dies at
the end or goes crazy or ends up
straight so there's a lot of depressing
lesbian books it
when I found this one I was so happy to
read it because it's adorable it's just
this really light fluffy love story
about basically about two women who run
off together to start a farm it's so
cute and I think it would make a really
good light summer read and another good
one if you're looking to read a couple
of lesbian classics so those are my
recommendations for lesbian summer reads
let me know if you have any
recommendations and thanks for watching